Updates issue templates (#5445)
ldtteam/minecolonies: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

# Notice

> Feature requests for Minecolonies are located in the [minecolonies-feature](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies-features/issues) repository. Please cancel this request and generate the request in that repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature requests for MineColonies are located [here](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies-features/issues). Please cancel this issue creation and create an issue in that repository.
```
